In this video we'll learn how to reset the ESX time management agents and we'll also learn their purpose
and what they're used for.
So ESX I host management agents run on our ESX I hosts and these are what allow the host to synchronize
its status with the center.
So the center needs to be aware of many things happening on the ESX I host.
And if you suddenly lose the ability to manage your host through the center or something along those
lines you might actually need to restart these management agents.
Think of them like a service that runs on the ESX I host that at times may need to get restarted for
troubleshooting purposes and theres a couple of different ways that you can restart the services.
Now the most common way is to use the direct console user interface or DSU y to restart services.
That's the simplest way and probably the most frequently used but you can also do it via the command
line.
So here are a couple of commands that you can issue to restart hostie and veep's say on your ESX host
and if you take a look at knowledge base article 1 0 0 0 3 4 9 0.
It will explain how to carry out both of these methods to restart the management agents.
If you're going to use the command line option it's pretty straightforward you'll just connect to your
host using an S-sh client such as puttee and you have to enable S-sh on the ESX host first.
But once you've done that you can connect to the host via poddy log in with the root credentials and
then simply execute the two commands shown here and that can be useful especially in situations where
you're not sitting in the data center and you don't have access to the DC UI.
And so if you can't get remote console access or if you're not physically nearby the host the command
line is a great way to quickly and easily do this remotely.
Here's a look at the direct console user interface right.
And here you can see I put a little red block around troubleshooting options.
So when you log into the DC Why you'll just use the arrow keys to kind of scroll down here and get to
troubleshooting options and then you'll hit enter and other troubleshooting options.
We have the option to just restart the management agents.
Now if you've never used the DC before all you need to do is hook up a keyboard and a monitor to the
back of your ESX host and that will get you into the DC y.
Or if you have drak or EPM I or some other sort of remote console solution you can use that as well.